Added Support for Redshift (#240)
kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui: doc/dadbod-ui.txt

		Default value: `0`

					     *g:db_ui_use_postgres_views*
g:db_ui_use_postgres_views

>     Postgres database shows tables within schemas nicely. To show
>     tables nicely within Redshift set this value to 0.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this a bit, since postgres users can also opt out from views.

```suggestion
    Toggle showing postgres views in the drawer.
    This option must be disabled (set to 0) for Redshift.
```

Author: Copy and pasted your phrasing. :)

Author: Oh, wait I should change the readme as well to match your phrasing.

Author: done
